README.md, before:

# Pecas: Leaderboards for [Noko](https://nokotime.com)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fastruby/pecas.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fastruby/pecas)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/fastruby/pecas/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fastruby/pecas)

Pecas is a time tracking leaderboard for
[https://nokotime.com](https://nokotime.com).

## Setup

To install Pecas in a development environment, you can follow the next steps:

### Requirements

- Docker
- Docker-Compose
- Git

### First-time only

    git clone git@github.com:fastruby/pecas.git
    cd path/to/pecas
    docker-compose build
    docker-compose run web /bin/bash
    ./bin/setup

You must setup your `NOKO_TOKEN` in the `.env` file. You can setup your
`COUNTRY_CODE` environment variable with an ISO 3166 country code. Otherwise
the emails will be sent on holidays.

You must also setup `BASIC_AUTH_NAME` and `BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD` variables in the `.env` file that will be used for a basic http auth for the application.

## Start

    docker-compose up

## Import

Import the entries with:

    rake import:entries

Calculate the leaderboards with:

    rake calc:leaderboards

## Demo Data

Generate demo data with:

    rake demo_data:setup

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at [https://github.com/fastruby/pecas](https://github.com/fastruby/pecas). This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

When Submitting a Pull Request:

- If your PR closes any open GitHub issues, please include `Closes #XXXX` in your comment

- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed or which feature is introduced.

- If changes to the behavior are made, clearly describe what changes.

- If changes to the UI are made, please include screenshots of the before and after.

## License

[License]

[license]: LICENSE

## Sponsorship

![FastRuby.io | Rails Upgrade Services](app/assets/images/fastruby-logo.png)

`Pecas` is maintained and funded by [FastRuby.io](https://fastruby.io). The names and logos for FastRuby.io are trademarks of The Lean Software Boutique LLC.

Commit message:

added README with more info

README.md, after:

# Pecas: Leaderboards for [Noko](https://nokotime.com)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fastruby/pecas.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fastruby/pecas)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/fastruby/pecas/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fastruby/pecas)

Pecas is a time tracking leaderboard for
[https://nokotime.com](https://nokotime.com).

## Setup

To install Pecas in a development environment, you can follow the next steps:

### Requirements

- Docker
- Docker-Compose
- Git

### First-time only

    git clone git@github.com:fastruby/pecas.git
    cd path/to/pecas
    docker-compose build
    docker-compose run web /bin/bash
    ./bin/setup

You must setup your `NOKO_TOKEN` in the `.env` file. You can fetch the token value from the Noko app. After logging in, you can find the API token or create a new API token under the `Connected Apps` section. You can setup your
`COUNTRY_CODE` environment variable with an ISO 3166 country code. Otherwise
the emails will be sent on holidays.

You must also setup `BASIC_AUTH_NAME` and `BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD` variables in the `.env` file that will be used for a basic http auth for the application.

If you have already run the command `./bin/setup`, it would create a `.env` file if it does not exist and add these variables in that file. You just need to update the `NOKO_TOKEN` with the correct value and if the `.env` file already exist, then you need to manually add these variables to the file with correct values. You can look at `.env.sample` for reference.

## Start

    docker-compose up

## Import

Import the entries with:

    rake import:entries

Calculate the leaderboards with:

    rake calc:leaderboards

## Demo Data

Generate demo data with:

    rake demo_data:setup

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at [https://github.com/fastruby/pecas](https://github.com/fastruby/pecas). This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

When Submitting a Pull Request:

- If your PR closes any open GitHub issues, please include `Closes #XXXX` in your comment

- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed or which feature is introduced.

- If changes to the behavior are made, clearly describe what changes.

- If changes to the UI are made, please include screenshots of the before and after.

## License

[License]

[license]: LICENSE

## Sponsorship

![FastRuby.io | Rails Upgrade Services](app/assets/images/fastruby-logo.png)

`Pecas` is maintained and funded by [FastRuby.io](https://fastruby.io). The names and logos for FastRuby.io are trademarks of The Lean Software Boutique LLC.
