.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[BUG] "
labels: 'bug'
assignees: 'black-bunny-brigade'

---

**IMPORTANT: please make sure you ask yourself all intro questions and fill all sections of the template.**

**Before we start...:**

- [ ] I checked the documentation and found no answer
- [ ] I checked to make sure that this issue has not already been filed
- [ ] I'm reporting the issue to the correct repository (for multi-repository projects)


**Version, Branch, or Commit:**

Inform what version, branch, commit of Pecas you are using.

**Expected behavior:**

Please include a detailed description of the behavior you were expecting when you encountered this issue.

**Actual behavior:**

Please include a detailed description of the actual behavior of the application.

**Steps to reproduce:**

How do I achieve this behavior? Use the following format to provide a step-by-step guide:

1. Step 1: ...
2. Step 2: ...

**Context and environment:**

Provide any relevant information about your setup (Customize the list accordingly based on what info is relevant to this project)

1. Version of the software the issue is being opened for.
2. Operating System
3. Operating System version
4. Ruby version

_Delete any information that is not relevant._

**Logs**

Include relevant log snippets or files here.

**I will abide by the [code of conduct] (code_of_conduct.md)**

Commit message:

Set up CI w/ GitHub Actions
A few changes that were useful:

- Make testing database have a different name

- Use gem install bundler:1.17.3 explicitly

- Set up Ruby 2.5.8 in CI config

- Use ruby/setup-ruby (actions/setup-ruby is deprecated)

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: "bug"
assignees: "black-bunny-brigade"

---

**IMPORTANT: please make sure you ask yourself all intro questions and fill all sections of the template.**

**Before we start...:**

- [ ] I checked the documentation and found no answer
- [ ] I checked to make sure that this issue has not already been filed
- [ ] I'm reporting the issue to the correct repository (for multi-repository projects)


**Branch/Commit:**

Inform what branch/commit of Pecas you are using.

**Expected behavior:**

Please include a detailed description of the behavior you were expecting when you encountered this issue.

**Actual behavior:**

Please include a detailed description of the actual behavior of the application.

**Steps to reproduce:**

How do I achieve this behavior? Use the following format to provide a step-by-step guide:

1. Step 1: ...
2. Step 2: ...

**Context and environment:**

Provide any relevant information about your setup (Customize the list accordingly based on what info is relevant to this project)

1. Version of the software the issue is being opened for.
2. Operating System
3. Operating System version
4. Browser
5. Browser version
6. Device
7. Firmware version
8. SDK version
9. Toolchain version

_Delete any information that is not relevant._

If you are unable to reproduce the bug, add the **Non-Reproducible** tag and describe the steps you followed leading to the bug to the best of your recollection.

**Screenshots and Videos**

If the issue has an effect in the frontend, include any relevant screenshots and videos here.

**Logs**

Include relevant log snippets or files here.

**I will abide by the [code of conduct](https://github.com/fastruby/pecas/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md)**
